Document some more JS tracker methods (#406)
piwik/developer-documentation: docs/4.x/tracking-javascript.md

*   `requireCookieConsent()` - By default the Matomo tracker assumes consent to using cookies. To change this behavior so no cookies are used by default, you must call `requireCookieConsent`.
*   `setCookieConsentGiven()` - Mark that the current user has consented to using cookies. The consent is one-time only, so in a subsequent browser session, the user will have to consent again. To remember cookie consent, see the method below: `rememberCookieConsentGiven`.
*   `rememberCookieConsentGiven( hoursToExpire )` - Mark that the current user has consented to using cookies, and remembers this consent through a browser cookie. The next time the user visits the site, Matomo will remember that they consented, and use cookies. If you call this method, you do not need to call `setCookieConsentGiven`.
*   `forgetCookieConsentGiven()` - Remove a user's cookie consent, both if the consent was one-time only and if the consent was remembered. After calling this method, the user will have to consent again in order for cookies to be used.
*   `areCookiesEnabled()` - Returns true or false depending on whether cookies are currently enabled or disabled.

### Managing opt out

> Wanting to build a custom opt-out form instead of a consent screen or instead of using our [opt-out iframe](https://matomo.org/faq/general/faq_20000/)? Check out the guide for [creating a custom opt-out form](https://developer.matomo.org/guides/tracking-javascript-guide#optional-creating-a-custom-opt-out-form).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you want to build a custom opt-out form instead of a consent screen or instead of using our [opt-out iframe](https://matomo.org/faq/general/faq_20000/)? Check out the guide for [creating a custom opt-out form](https://developer.matomo.org/guides/tracking-javascript-guide#optional-creating-a-custom-opt-out-form).
```

Just to simplify the sentence a bit
